Web Docs - Stepper Component (#2727)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/stepper/nav/partials/accessibility/accessibility.md

Author: @dchyun If you can update the images in this file to show the underline in the completed steps (interactive). I don't know where you placed them. We conventionally add them in this file: https://www.figma.com/design/42LK10XbP5IERhzzgMOiI2/HDS-Website-Assets?m=auto&node-id=5402-2582&t=gCFOlwcf2jKdVS0v-1

## Conformance rating

<Doc::Badge @type="success">Conformant</Doc::Badge>

When used as recommended, there should not be any WCAG conformance issues with this component.

## Keyboard navigation

!!! Info

> Keyboard navigation with the following keys is only available when `@isInteractive` is set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keyboard navigation is only available when `@isInteractive` is set to `true`.

```

!!!

<Doc::Badge @type="neutral">Tab</Doc::Badge>

Focus on the active step.

> ![Example Stepper Nav with 3 steps. The second step, which is active, is focused.](/assets/components/stepper/nav/stepper-nav-focus.png)

Reviewer: @majedelass or @dchyun could one of you please check @shleewhite's suggestions and apply if appropriate & you agree?

> ![Example Stepper Nav with 3 steps showing on tab press the second step, which is active, is focused](/assets/components/stepper/nav/stepper-nav-focus.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Example Stepper Nav with 3 steps. The second step, which is active, is focused.](/assets/components/stepper/nav/stepper-nav-focus.png)
```

Reviewer: I don't believe we should be including the word "Example" necessarily in the descriptions but I left it for now. @shleewhite what do you think?

Reviewer 2: Looking at this again, I agree with you that "Example" can probably be removed. Will wait for a response from Lee before moving forward.

> ![Example Stepper Nav with 3 steps showing on tab press the second step, which is active, is focused](/assets/components/stepper/navigation/stepper-navigation-focus.png =1400x*)

Reviewer 3: [question] Are these screenshots from the Showcase? I'm questioning whether why the width is explicitly set to 1400px, which I don't think they will ever render at. Instead, should those screenshots be dropped into (or recreated in ) Figma and resized? For full-bleed images we generally size images at 836px (I know, also somewhat arbitrary), but that largely removes the need to set the width in markdown explicitly

Reviewer 2: Yeah this one is on me. I was following what was done for the [tabs accessibility docs](http://localhost:4200/components/tabs?tab=accessibility) and there they set what seemed an arbitrary width of 402px on the images. I also picked 1400 arbitrarily. I removed explicitly setting the width for now. 

I made these examples locally to show the interactions. I'm not sure what the standard way we make these kind of examples is, but if it's preferable to create them in Figma instead we can do that.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, It's somewhat of an ambiguous "process", happy to pair with you on it if that would help, but @majedelass is also privy on the dimensions

Reviewer 2: @majedelass I removed explicitly setting the width on the images. Do you think they need any other updates? Or do you want to recreate them in figma and change the example used?

Author: I commented on the file directly. If you can add the images to that file, I can update them.

Author: Updated the images in the A11Y tab.

<Doc::Badge @type="neutral"><Hds::Icon @name="arrow-left" /></Doc::Badge>
<Doc::Badge @type="neutral"><Hds::Icon @name="arrow-right" /></Doc::Badge>

Move between completed and active steps.

!!! Info

If focus is on the first step, `left arrow` moves focus to the last completed or active step. If focus is on the last completed or active step, `right arrow` moves focus to the first completed or active step.
!!!

> ![Example Stepper Nav with 3 steps showing on left arrow press the focus moves to step 1 from step 2](/assets/components/stepper/nav/stepper-nav-arrow-key.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Example Stepper Nav with 3 steps. The left arrow has been pressed moving focus from step 1 to step 2.](/assets/components/stepper/nav/stepper-nav-arrow-key.png)
```

<Doc::Badge @type="neutral">Spacebar</Doc::Badge>
<Doc::Badge @type="neutral">Enter</Doc::Badge>

Activate step to display step content.

![Example Stepper Nav showing on spacebar or enter on a completed step, that step is made active](/assets/components/stepper/nav/stepper-nav-enter.png)

<Doc::Badge @type="neutral">Tab</Doc::Badge>

Move to interactive element within the content area.

> ![Example Stepper Nav showing on tab press while focus is on a step, focus moves to next interactive element](/assets/components/stepper/nav/stepper-nav-focus-to-content.png)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
![Stepper Nav showing on tab press while focus is on a step, focus moves to next interactive element](/assets/components/stepper/nav/stepper-nav-focus-to-content.png)
```
